# WMAI18002 Deep Learning 2019/2020
## A comparison of Generative Adversarial Network architectures for creating music with spectrogram dataset
### Nachiket Desai (S3713547) Bharath Kumar Musuadhi Rajan (S4065476)

The project was mainly developed using Google Colaboratory. All files were saved in and retrieved from Google drive linked with Colab. 

Below are the required packages
- Python ==3.6
- Keras==2.3.1
- matplotlib==3.2.1
- numpy==1.18.4
- Librosa==0.7.2 (Default version in colab is 0.6.3, have to be upgraded) 

Instructions on how to run in Colab
1) Visit https://colab.research.google.com/
2) Select the python notebook file from Github
3) Change runtime type to GPU (or TPU if the number of trainable parameters is too much for the allocated GPU)
4) Download the FMA dataset (instrumental tracks converted in spectrogram and pickled) from the shared Google Drive link
5) Upload it to any path (or the same path as seen in the code) and update the code with the same path.
6) Make sure the path mentioned for outputting results exists in the Google drive
7) Run all the code in a given python notebook (make sure "linking drive content to colab" code is included at the top.
8) Results could be seen in the 'Results' directory


Note 1: If executed in colab, please make sure you restart the runtime before execution as the GPU Memory will be cleared and the execution would not be hindered. 

Note 2: Provided python files are automatically generated by Google Colab and should work locally on most IDEs. The python files were not tested for output and is not recommended. Either use colab or jupyter notebook if executed locally.

Note 3: For creating new dataset using the "DataPreparation_s3713547_s4065476.ipynb", the fma_dataset can be downloaded from here https://github.com/mdeff/fma - fma_small.zip
